Update release notes for Infra Client / DK (#2793)
chef/chef-web-docs: content/release_notes_chefdk.md

a detailed list of changes, see the [ChefDK Changelog on
GitHub](https://github.com/chef/chef-dk/blob/master/CHANGELOG.md)

## What's New In ChefDK 4.13

> Note: ChefDK will be enter end-of-life product phase Dec 31st 2020. The 4.13 release of ChefDK is the last planned release and all users should upgrade to Chef Workstation, which offers signicant improvements to all included tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: ChefDK will be enter end-of-life product phase Dec 31st 2020. The 4.13 release of ChefDK is the last planned release and all users should upgrade to Chef Workstation, which offers significant improvements to all included tools.
```

> Note: ChefDK will be enter end-of-life product phase Dec 31st 2020. The 4.13 release of ChefDK is the last planned release and all users should upgrade to Chef Workstation, which offers significant improvements to all included tools.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note: ChefDK will enter the end-of-life product phase on Dec 31st 2020. The 4.13 release of ChefDK is the last planned release and all users should upgrade to Chef Workstation, which offers significant improvements to all included tools.
```

### Package Updates

> ChefDK packages are no longer produced for Debian 8 and RHEL/CentOS 6 as these platforms are now both EOL.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ChefDK packages are no longer produced for Debian 8 and RHEL/CentOS 6, as these platforms are now both EOL.
```

### Updated Components

#### Test Kitchen

> Test Kitchen was updated from 2.7.2 to 2.8.0. This release improves how we execute commands on Windows hosts in order to avoid failures executing commands that are too long for the windows command line. Thanks for this fix [@ramereth](https://github.com/ramereth)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Test Kitchen was updated from 2.7.2 to 2.8.0. This release improves how we execute commands on Windows hosts in order to avoid failures from executing commands that are too long for the windows command line. Thanks for this fix [@ramereth](https://github.com/ramereth)!
```

#### Kitchen Google

The Kitchen Google driver for Test Kitchen was updated from 2.0.3 to 2.1.0. This release adds a new network_ip config for an IPv4 internal IP address to assign to the instance. The driver automatically assigns an unused internal IP to an unconfigured network_ip. Thanks [@eReGeBe](https://github.com/eReGeBe) for this new feature!

#### Kitchen Vagrant

The kitchen-vagrant plugin is updated from version 1.7.1 to 1.7.2 with a bug fix to no longer stop with an error when updating a Vagrant box that has not yet been downloaded.

#### Kitchen Dokken

Kitchen Dokken has been updated to 2.11.2 to resolve failures from creating containers during the Test Kitchen converge. Thanks for reporting this issue [@emeshuris](https://github.com/emeshuris)!

#### Chef InSpec

> Chef InSpec has been updated to 4.24.8 including the following improvements:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef InSpec has been updated to 4.24.8, which includes the following improvements:
```

- An unset `HOME` environment variable will not cause execution failures
- You can use wildcards in `platform-name` and `release` in InSpec profiles. Thanks for this improvement [@yarick](https://github.com/yarick)!
- The `WMI` resource now returns an array to support returning multiple WMI objects
- The `package` resource on Windows properly escapes package names. Thanks for this improvement [@ramereth](https://github.com/ramereth)!
- The `grub_conf` resource succeeds even if without a `menuentry` in the grub config
- Loaded plugins won't try to re-load themselves
- Waiver expiration is now always populated

#### chef-vault

> We've updated the release of chef-vault to 4.1. Chef Vault 4.1 properly handles escape strings in secrets and greatly improves performance for users with large numbers of secrets. Thanks for the performance work [@Annih](https://github.com/Annih)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef Vault has been updated to version 4.1, which properly handles escape strings in secrets and greatly improves performance for users with large numbers of secrets. Thanks for the performance work [@Annih](https://github.com/Annih)!
```

```
antima_gupta:
  display_name: Antima Gupta
  email:        agupta@example.com
  first_name:   Antima
  last_name:    Gupta
pivotal:
  display_name: Chef Server Superuser
  email:        root@localhost.localdomain
  first_name:   Chef
  last_name:    Server
```

#### knife-ec2

The `knife-ec2` plugin has been updated from 2.0.4 to 2.0.6. This release fixes an error that would occur when using the `--server-connect-attribute private_ip_address` flag.

#### chef-vault

The `chef-vault` gem has been updated from 4.0.11 to 4.0.12. This release fixes `vault show -F json` and `knife vault list -F json` displaying invalid JSON.

## What's New In ChefDK 4.11

### Knife Improvements

We've reworked how the knife command loads dependencies to greatly improve performance. For some users this may result in a 2/3 reduction in the time knife commands take to load the first time. We also fixed the `knife ssh` command hanging when connecting to Windows nodes over SSH.

### Updates Components

#### Chef Infra Client

> Chef Infra Client has been updated from 15.13.8 to 15.14.0 with a large number of improvements to built-in Chef Infra resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef Infra Client has been updated from 15.13.8 to 15.14.0, with a large number of improvements to built-in Chef Infra resources.
```

#### Chef InSpec

Chef InSpec has been updated from 4.22.1 to 4.22.22. This new release includes the following improvements:

> - Fix mysql_session stdout, stderr and exit_status parameters. Thanks [@ramereth](https://github.com/ramereth)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Fix mysql_session stdout, stderr, and exit_status parameters. Thanks [@ramereth](https://github.com/ramereth)!
```

- Add new windows_firewall and windows_firewall_rule resources. Thanks [@tecracer-theinen](https://github.com/tecracer-theinen)!

#### Chef Vault

> Chef Vault has been updated from 4.0.1 to 4.0.11. This release resolves errors when running some knife vault commands and better inputs command inputs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Chef Vault has been updated from 4.0.1 to 4.0.11. This release resolves errors when running some knife vault commands and improves how it handles command inputs.
```

#### Test Kitchen

Test Kitchen has been updated from 2.5.4 to 2.7.0, which adds the ability to mark plugins as unable to run with a concurrency (`-c`) level greater than 1. This will help prevent strange failures that occur with some plugins which cannot run concurrently in the future.

#### Kitchen AzureRM

Kitchen AzureRM has been updated from 1.0.0 to 1.3.0. This release includes:

- Support for deletion or preservation of resource group tags with a new `destroy_explicit_resource_group_tags` config that defaults to true.
- Default password generation increased to 25 characters to avoid failures on newer Windows releases.

> - Improve performance by loading depedencies only when we need them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improve performance by loading dependencies only when we need them.
```

#### Kitchen Vagrant

> The `kitchen-vagrant` plugin  has been updated from 1.6.1 to 1.7.0. This release adds new `box_auto_update` and box_auto_prune options to pull newer Vagrant base boxes. Thank you [@Stromweld](https://github.com/Stromweld)!

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `kitchen-vagrant` plugin  has been updated from 1.6.1 to 1.7.0. This release adds new `box_auto_update` and `box_auto_prune` options to pull newer Vagrant base boxes. Thank you [@Stromweld](https://github.com/Stromweld)!
```

### Platform Packages

- We now produce packages for Apple's upcoming macOS 11 Big Sur release.

### Security

#### OpenSSL

> OpenSSL has been updated to 1.0.2w which includes a fix for [CVE-2020-1968](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=2020-1968).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenSSL has been updated to 1.0.2w, which includes a fix for [CVE-2020-1968](https://cve.mitre.org/cgi-bin/cvename.cgi?name=2020-1968).
```
